# sumaries

UNDERSTANDING WHAT  SOFTWARE ENGINEERS   WORKING ON:

                       Understanding What Software Engineers Working On, the author of this paper is Keynole . it publishes in 28th international conference on program comprehension ICPC 2020.
                       In this paper we concerned with a similar problem in the context of the processes that engineers use to develop and to maintain the software system. In this paper they explain about corresponding the “Work-item Prediction (WIP) challenge” the grounds of representation scenarios report on related efforts of Facebook. So that we have connect the sketched efforts of facebook. The predication Architecture relies us logging foundation that integrated data for employment, slogging foundation predict the data from a numbers of logs. Web-browser tools cover,  development directly. Version controls  tools performed , commits are created , assigned ccommented on, e.t.c. development tools build project, run test, debug code, query a database e.t.c.  Some work this group takes some issues of using multiple tools , but the general characteristics of a multitude of loosely integrated tools along concurrent.
                         In this paper we discussed about the characteristics of challenges like engineers rely on multitude,  engineering processes and we have also describe the related efforts of facebook…….
                         
	
	
ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE MODEL METADATA EXTRACTOR   (AIMMX) :

Artifical intelligence model metadata extractor , the authors of this paper is Jason Tsay, Alan Braz, Martin Hirzel. It published in 17th international conference on mining software Repositories October 5 – 6 2020.
In this paper , the combination of sufficient hardwares resources. Artifical Intelligence (AI) artifacrs needed to define the statical model for a given task. Artifical Intelligence (AI) is an engineering practice is still in its early stages with often unpredictable and costly results. Artifical Intelligence (AI) development shares many of the same language and tools, such as version control systems. Artifical Intelligence (AI) development as a engineering practice has many intersection with software engineering practices included software repository . Artifical Intelligence (AI) models rather than stack overflow questions, software engineering concepts have also been  applied to Machine Learning (ML) and AI system. Machine Learning (ML) has had a close and long relationship with data mining. It is natural applied to machine learning. Our software repository based approach is also similar to the experiment tracking ML Flow service. There are many examples of machine learning being applied to mining , such as automatic classification of software. A network definition representation of the same model would describe in detail the neutral network  layers and its parameter. A similar system with a different scope in modelHub which focus on  managing results and version of deep learning models. The automatic connection between domain, reference , datasets and repository in our extracted meta data is similar to the  manual connection.
In this paper the first step towards managing models at scale and adapting existing mining software repository techniquesto Artifical Intelligence . (AI)….
